Get more done with Gemini in Docs
Using a few simple prompts, create professional, stylized, and structured documents with images, tables, and more. Get help refining your content, see the latest summary of your work, and ask questions to improve and finalize your document. Try Gemini for Google Workspace today.

 Effortlessly create documents
Never start a document from scratch - get started with templates and building blocks to get a professional look from the start.

Get a jumpstart on your document with smart canvas
Instantly build formatted emails, calendar invites, review trackers, meeting notes, and more in Docs when you type ‘@.’

Template options to start writing content from scratch. 
Easily populate your document with rich details
Remove page breaks and write without limits
Stay organized with document tabs
Collaborate on and refine your document, from anywhere
Stay in sync with edits and comments from internal and external teams on your phone, tablet, or web browser.

Meet directly in your documents


Premium feature

Collaborate in context by meeting in Google Docs, Sheets, or Slides.

Two team members on a Meet call from Docs
Control access to your documents
Collaborate with your partners and make decisions, all in one place
Review changes with flexibility
Accelerate everyday tasks
Get more done without having to leave Docs.

Meeting notes feature in Google Docs
Capture meeting notes with ease and speed
Draft polished, structured meeting notes with event details straight from a Google Calendar event using the meeting notes building block in Docs.

 eSignature support in Docs
Streamline your workflows with electronic signatures
Draft agreements, request signatures, and manage contract templates all in one place with eSignature in Docs.

Reusing a content block in Docs. 
Save time by easily adding content you reuse often
Create a custom building block for pieces of text like a bio, signature, address, and more - simply type ‘@’ to insert instead of endlessly copying and pasting the same content.

  
Stay safe
Your data is encrypted by default, and an array of safety measures – like advanced client-side encryption, anti-abuse measures, and privacy controls – keep your data private.

Pop up windows to report a document as spam or add additional encryption.
Assigning a task to a team member directly in Docs. 
